Radio: October is inventory time. So right now, Statler Toyota is making
the best deals of the year on all 1985 model Toyotas. You won't find a
better car with a better price with better service anywhere in Hill
Valley...

Television: The Senate is expected to vote on this today. In other news,
officials at The Pacific

Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumor that the case of missing
plutonium was in fact stolen from their vault two weeks ago. A Libyan
terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft,
however, the officials now infer the crepency to a simple clerical
error. The

FBI...

Marty: Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy.
What's going on?

Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Doc: Marty, is that you?

Marty: Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Doc: Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall
tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your
assistance.

Marty: Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Doc: Yeah.

Marty: What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Doc: Working.

Marty: Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Doc: Yeah, he's right here.

Marty: You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Doc: My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the
amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Marty: Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Doc: Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin
Pines Mall.

Marty: Right.

Doc: Are those my clocks I hear?

Marty: Yeah, it's 8:00.

Doc: They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five
minutes slow.

Marty: Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's
8:25?

Doc: Precisely.

Marty: Damn. I'm late for school.

Marty: Hello, Jennifer.

Jennifer: Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If
you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Jennifer: Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Marty: Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his
clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Strickland: Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with
Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for
you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a
nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is
dangerous, he's a real nuttcase. You hang around with him you're gonna
end up in big trouble.

Marty: Oh yes sir.

Strickland: You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker.
You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Marty: Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Strickland: I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions
after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance,
you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in
the history of Hill Valley.

Marty: Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Audition Judge: Next, please.

Marty: Alright, we're the pinheads.

Audition Judge: Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry
fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the
next group, please.

Election Van: Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Marty: I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to
play in front of anybody.

Jennifer: Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Marty: Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Jennifer: But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition
tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's
like Doc's always saying.

Marty: Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish
anything.

Jennifer: That's good advice, Marty.

Marty: Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't
like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, "Get
out of here, kid, you got no future." I mean, I just don't think I can
take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old
man.

Jennifer: C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the
car tomorrow night.

Marty: Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer,
someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a
couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Jennifer: Stop it.

Marty: What?

Jennifer: Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Marty: No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the
guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going
up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never
did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was
born a nun.

Jennifer: She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Marty: Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Woman: Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is
sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago,
lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at
the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved
exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Marty: Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Woman: Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Marty: Right.

Woman: Save the clock tower.

Marty: Where were we.

Jennifer: Right about here.

Jennifer's Dad: Jennifer.

Jennifer: It's my dad.

Marty: Right.

Jennifer: I've gotta go.

Marty: I'll call you tonight.

Jennifer: I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number.
Bye.

Marty: Perfect, just perfect.

Biff: I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a
blindspot. I could've been

killed.

George: Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I
would drive it. Hi,

son.

Biff: But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain
that wreck out there?

George: Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for
the damage?

Biff: My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it.
Hey, I wanna know who's

gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed
into me. Who's gonna pay

my cleaning bill?

George: Uh?

Biff: And where's my reports?

George: Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I
figured since they weren't due

till-

Biff: Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time
to get them re-typed.

Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your
handwriting. I'll get fired. You

wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

George: Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now,
uh, I'll finish those

reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow,
alright?

Biff: Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's
untied. Don't be so

gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're
car towed all the way to

your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking
at, butthead. Say hi to

your mom for me.

George: I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're
right, But Biff just happens

to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Marty: The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car
tomorrow night, Dad, I

mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

George: I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

George: Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about
all the aggravation and

headaches of playing at that dance.

David: He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is
headaches.

Lorraine: Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle
Joey didn't make parole

again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Marty: Uncle Jailbird Joey?

David: He's your brother, Mom.

Linda: Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in
prison.

Loraine: We all make mistakes in life, children

David: God dammit, I'm late.

Lorraine: David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother
before you go, come

here.

David: C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight,
Pop. Woo, time to

change that oil.

Linda: Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside
pouting about the car,

Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Lorraine: I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just
asking for trouble.

Linda: Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Lorraine: I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age
I never chased a boy, or

called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Linda: Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Lorraine: Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Linda: That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Lorraine: It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then
none of you would have

been born.

Linda: Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the
middle of the street.

Lorraine: What was it, George, bird watching?

George: What Lorraine, what?

Lorraine: Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the
house. He seemed

so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Linda: Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You
felt sorry for him so

you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Lorraine: No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first
date. It was the night

of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me
for the very first time

on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the
rest of my life with him.

Marty: Hello.

Doc: Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Marty: Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Doc: Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you
stop by my place and

pick it up on your way to the mall?

Marty: Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Marty: Einstein, hey Einstein, where'…
